# Transparent background theme by Marcin Micha≈Çowski

background           =  default		default
frame                =  white		default
window_title         =  white		default
directory            =  green		default	bold
selected_directory   =  black		green	bold
playlist             =  blue		default	bold
selected_playlist    =  white		red		bold
file                 =  blue		black
selected_file        =  black		green
marked_file          =  green		default	bold
marked_selected_file =  black		green	bold
info                 =  blue		default	bold
marked_info          =  green		default	bold
marked_selected_info =  black		green   bold
selected_info        =  black		green   bold
status               =  white		default
title                =  white		default	bold
state                =  white		default	bold
current_time         =  white		default	bold
time_left            =  white		default	bold
total_time           =  white		default	bold
time_total_frames    =  white		default
sound_parameters     =  white		default	bold
legend               =  blue		default
disabled             =  white		default	bold
enabled              =  blue		default	bold
empty_mixer_bar      =  white		default
filled_mixer_bar     =  black		cyan
empty_time_bar       =  white		default
filled_time_bar      =  black		cyan
entry                =  white		default
entry_title          =  black		cyan
error                =  red		    default	bold
message              =  green		default	bold
plist_time           =  white		default	bold
